# Cameron Rice Portfolio

Welcome to my personal portfolio site, built with Next.js and hosted at
[www.cameronrice.net](https://www.cameronrice.net). Here you can find
information about me, my resume, and a showcase of my featured projects spanning
web, backend, DevOps, and mobile development.

## About This Site

This site is a modern, responsive portfolio built with Next.js, React, and
Tailwind CSS. It features:

- Project showcases with live demos and code links
- Resume and about sections
- Clean, accessible design

## Featured Projects

### [LeetLog](https://leetlog-livid.vercel.app/)

A modern web application for tracking and organizing your LeetCode problem
solving journey. Built with Next.js, TypeScript, Tailwind CSS, and Prisma,
LeetLog lets you log problems, solutions, and complexity, with a beautiful
dashboard and filtering. [View code](https://github.com/Rice-Cameron/LeetLog)

### [Time-Tracked Invoice Generator](https://github.com/Rice-Cameron/invoice-generator)

A Django-based backend service for freelancers to manage clients, track time,
and generate professional invoices. Features PDF generation, Stripe integration,
recurring invoices, and automated email notifications.

### [API Rate Limiter Microservice](https://github.com/Rice-Cameron/api-rate-limiter-microservice)

A production-ready backend microservice for API rate limiting using the Token
Bucket algorithm and Redis. Designed for high performance, with REST API
endpoints, Docker support, and easy integration.

### [Automated Minecraft Server Deployment](https://github.com/Rice-Cameron/CS312CourseProjectPt2)

A DevOps project that automates the deployment and configuration of a Minecraft
server on AWS using Terraform and Ansible. Demonstrates modern cloud automation
and best practices.

### [Lavender](https://lavender-sleep.web.app/)

A responsive web application built with React and Firebase to help those with
Shift Work Sleep Disorder track sleep patterns and receive personalized
recommendations. Senior Capstone project at Oregon State University.

### [Kotlin Planet App](https://github.com/Rice-Cameron/kotlin-planet-app)

A simple Kotlin Android app that fetches and displays planet data from an
external API. Built with Android Studio, it provides a clean UI for exploring
planets interactively.

---

For more details, visit [www.cameronrice.net](https://www.cameronrice.net) or
check out the individual project pages on this site.

## Deployment

This portfolio site is continuously deployed using
[Vercel](https://vercel.com/), which provides seamless integration with GitHub.
Every push to the main branch automatically triggers a new deployment, ensuring
the live site at [www.cameronrice.net](https://www.cameronrice.net) is always up
to date with the latest changes. Vercel handles all build, hosting, and CDN
distribution for optimal performance and reliability.

## TODO
[ ] Blog